# Feedback.md
## Cameron Smith & Charles Lambert
### Lab1 CPTR245


## Cameron Smith
  This lab was my first experience using Agile development and test cases. It's
one thing to read about these practices and tactics in a book and another to
implement them oneself. I believe I now have a better understanding of the
processes. I enjoyed two person team. (Hopefully not just because my C++ needs
some practice.) I think it helped my team catch errors (especially missing
semicolons) sooner. This led to less time waiting for the compiler to find the
error. The two-person team also facilitated discussion. It was much easier to
determine the tests and the required number of them with a partner present to
discuss them with. This ultimately led to a more optimized set of tests.

  This was also the first time I have used automated tests in a project, and am
now much more likely to use them in the future. Figuring out all of the possible
errors before implementation helped us establish out implementation requirements
and understand exactly what the implementation needed to do before we started
coding it. It was also really great to have the tests already set up so when we
did get our implementation running, it was really easy to see if it was running
correctly. There were a couple times we had to go back and add tests after
starting the implementation, but I think this necessity will diminish as I
continue to use tests in future projects. Overall, this project has helped me
better understand how to use tests in a project and why they are so useful. In
addition, having run the tests, I am much more confident in the accuracy of the
implementation. 


## Charles Lambert
  Overall this lab was a good experience. I have worked a little with teams before
and it is always a bit of a struggle especially with paired programming, but this 
lab went well. It was good to get more practice with TDD. The practice I think will
really help me in the future with writing well designed and tested software. This lab was also my first time writing C++ which was difficult but quite rewarding overall. Perhaps the thing I learned most from this lab was how to minimize test cases. I had professors previously tell me to check for corner case and edge cases, but I was never quite sure what they were in the context of my software. I think with the help of this lab and the conversations in lab, I should be able to improve my testing.